[RHACS] Release notes for 3.73.0 (#53185)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/373-release-notes.adoc

|`3.73.0` |28 November 2022
|====

[id="new-features-373"]
== New features

[id="rhacs-cloud-service"]

> === Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security Cloud Service

Author: The product name is "Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security Cloud Service"

* xref:../installing/installing_helm/install-helm-customization.adoc#install-central-services-helm-chart_acs-install-helm-customization[Installing the central-services Helm chart]
* xref:../upgrading/upgrade-helm.adoc#upgrading-using-helm-charts[Upgrading using Helm charts]
* xref:../upgrading/upgrade-roxctl.adoc[Upgrading the Central cluster
]
* xref:../configuration/enable-offline-mode.adoc[Enabling offline mode]
* xref:../configuration/expose-portal-over-http.adoc[Exposing the {product-title-short} portal over HTTP]
* xref:../configuration/configure-proxy.adoc[Configuring a proxy for external network access]
* xref:../configuration/configure-endpoints.adoc[Configuring endpoints]
* xref:../configuration/monitor-acs.adoc[Monitoring with Prometheus]
* xref:../operating/manage-user-access/configure-ocp-oauth.adoc[Configuring OpenShift Container Platform OAuth server as an identity provider]
* xref:../backup_and_restore/backing-up-acs.adoc[Backing up Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes]
* xref:../backup_and_restore/restore-acs.adoc[Restoring from a backup]
====

[id="vulnerability-dashboard-changes"]

> ==== Vulnerability dashboard changes for Cloud Service users

Reviewer: I would reword this. Maybe: `Cloud Service Vulnerability Changes Dashboard`

Author: There is a  "Vulnerability dashboard" which now has some changes when people use Cloud Service. That suggestion would change its meaning, so I'm keeping it the same.

| DEP
| DEP
| REM

| Support for violation tags and process tags
| DEP
| REM
| NA

| Permissions: `AuthPlugin`, `AuthProvider`, `Group`, `Licenses`, `Role`, `User`, `Indicator`, `NetworkBaseline`, `ProcessWhitelist`, `Risk`, `APIToken`, `BackupPlugins`, `ImageIntegration`, `Notifier`, `SignatureIntegration`, `ImageComponent`
| DEP
| DEP
| REM

| Retrieving groups by property
| DEP
| DEP
| REM

| `vulns` fields of `storage.Node` object in response payload of `v1/nodes`
| DEP
| DEP
| REM

| `/v1/cves/suppress` and `/v1/cves/unsuppress`
| DEP
| DEP
| REM

| `ids` field in the `/v1/cves/suppress` and `/v1/cves/unsuppress` API payload
| DEP
| DEP
| REM

| `cves.ids` field of the `storage.VulnerabilityRequest` object in the response of `VulnerabilityRequestService` endpoints
| DEP
| DEP
| REM

| Scanning support for Ubuntu 21.10
| GA
| REM
| NA

| Permission `ClusterCVE`
| GA
| DEP
| DEP

| `Label` and `Annotation` search options
| GA
| DEP
| DEP

| Environment variable `ROX_WHITELIST_GENERATION_DURATION`
| NA
| NA
| REM

|====

[id="removed-features-373"]
=== Removed features

This section provides additional information about some of the removed features listed in the previous table.

> * The `ROX_WHITELIST_GENERATION_DURATION` environment variable is removed in the RHACS 3.73 release. You can use `ROX_BASELINE_GENERATION_DURATION` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `ROX_WHITELIST_GENERATION_DURATION` environment variable is removed in {product-title-short} 3.73 release. You can use `ROX_BASELINE_GENERATION_DURATION` can now be used instead.
```

* Red Hat has removed the `ComplianceRunSchedule` resource, which RHACS did not use.
* Permissions for permission sets are grouped for simplification. The following list describes the new permissions and indicates the removed permissions in the RHACS 3.73.0 release:

** The `Access` permission replaces the following permissions: `AuthPlugin`, `AuthProvider`, `Group`, `Licenses`, `Role`, and `User`.
** The `DeploymentExtension` permission replaces the following permissions: `Indicator`, `NetworkBaseline`, `ProcessWhitelist`, and `Risk`.
* The `Integration` permission deprecates the following permissions: `APIToken`, `BackupPlugins`, `ImageIntegration`, `Notifier`, and `SignatureIntegration`.
** The `Image` permission replaces the `ImageComponent` permission.
* Central reaches out to Scanner on the `scanner.<namespace>.svc` endpoint instead of `scanner.<namespace>` to respect {ocp}’s `NO_PROXY` configuration. If you are using `NO_PROXY`, add `*.svc` or `scanner.<namespace>.svc` to your `NO_PROXY` configuration. (ROX-13034)

> * `Label` and `Annotation` search options are removed in the RHACS 3.73 release. They are replaced by the search options listed in the following table:

Reviewer: I would replace RHACS with {product-title-short} for all of these

+
.Search options
[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|====
|Resource |Deprecated search option | New search option

| `Node`
| `Label`
| `Node Label`

| `Node`
| `Annotation`
| `Node Annotation`

| `Namespace`
| `Label`
| `Namespace Label`

| `Deployment`
| `Label`
| `Deployment Label`

| `ServiceAccount`
| `Label`
| `Service Account Label`

| `ServiceAccount`
| `Annotation`
| `Service Account Annotation`

| `K8sRole`
| `Label`
| `Role Binding Label`

| `K8sRoleAnnotation`
| `Annotation`
| `Role Binding Annotation`

|====

[id="deprecated-features-373"]
=== Deprecated features

The following list describes the new permissions and indicates the deprecated permissions that will be removed in a future release:

* New permission `Administration` will deprecate the permissions `AllComments`, `Config`, `DebugLogs`, `NetworkGraphConfig`, `ProbeUpload`, `ScannerBundle`, `ScannerDefinitions`, `SensorUpgradeConfig`, and `ServiceIdentity`.
* The permission `Compliance` will deprecate the permission `ComplianceRuns`.

[id="upcoming-in-product-docs-removal"]
=== Notice of upcoming in-product docs removal

> Beginning in the RHACS 3.74 release, Red Hat will remove the in-product docs accessible from the help menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning in the {product-title-short} 3.74 release, Red Hat will remove the in-product docs accessible from the help menu.
```
